now I mentioned the microwave a hydrogen
cracker that's this device here and let
me zoom in so you can see this now I
recently discovered this device by
assuming that you might be able to have
a better a more efficient way to extract
hydrogen from tap water using lacquer
wish led me to the discovery of the
water fuel cell but this device is quite
interesting I'm going to click on this
it's going to take me to a website i'ma
zoom out so that I can that you can view
this website and its up it the website
opens up buddy a PDF file which explains
the technology this could be the sub
device that kind of looks like a strange
alien device but it appears to
disassociate hydrogen from water
molecules and it only takes up about 60
watts and it apparently uses some type
of magnetron device that maybe the maybe
to magnetrons that use microwaves to
disassociate the water the hydrogen from
the front of water so it's basically fed
direct tap water I think it may have to
be filtered and purified don't believe
there's any electrolytes to it but it's
quite interesting if you want to look at
it just just type in these keywords
thermal gas cracker and you would or
micro microwave crack hydrogen and it's
from the Oxford scientific instruments
for innovators website so it's quite
interesting I can see about posting this
PDF file online somewhere and and you
can explore yourself to see some of this
technology now the Hydra sonic pup is
quite interesting if you love you may be
aware of the of the water grill cell I'm
going to click on
well let's discuss that later I'm but
first I go to the Kwazii turban because
you may not many of you may not have
been aware of this technology it's a
basically a sort of a rotary engine and
I'm going to zoom in we find a good
explanation of the technology here I'm
going to stop the music for a second and
let me find the animation here we go let
me zoom in so you can see the animation
of this now the Kwazii turban is really
quite fascinating it's a very simple
internal combustion engine gas is fed in
through here and i'm assuming
oxy-hydrogen would be a good candidate
for this it's compressed as it travels
up here I'm going to follow the mouse up
and here's a spark plug it could also be
a laser it ignites the gas and are in
which case an implosion would occur and
I'm assuming it would still force it in
this direction and then down here the
water would condense and just go back
outside of the the engine you could use
the micro turbine micro turbines looks
like they might be fairly expensive for
a residential unit that's why I picked
the the Kwazii turban as the the main
component of this the system that I that
I designed I'm going to close this out
and go back to the schematic again the
now the the the Hydra sonic pump is
quite interesting and I found this a by
accident actually in head which is that
it was on the video that was posted and
I was called it runs on water it was a
British made television program that was
produced and I think 1995 and in it
there were several technologies the one
was a water fuel cell but the first
technology that they described on here
was the hydro sonic pump invented by Jim
grits out of I think it's not about
Georgia I was i I think Athens and the
company is still in business here's the
video that I did I mention I think it's
a strong possibility Zartha secret are
at a turning point in history and i'ma
turn it down so I English you need human
affairs the discovery of you energy
sources now many people are skipped this
is quite fascinating the video i
encourage everyone to watch as equinox
it runs on water you can you can find
this on google earth I'm sorry on google
video equinox it runs on water and in
this video feral revolutionary
technologies are discussed the first one
is the Hydra sonic pump and well
actually it's just probably it's going
to be a while before I can stream the
video so I'm going to close this out but
I encourage everyone to walk to to watch
this and find it online and see for
yourself but the hydro sonic pump I do
have their it's hydro dynamics com is
that is the website you can go there
look at the technology you can also see
it in in that video that i just showed
and here's the website it's coming up
well it's taking a little while so
anyway I hope you I hope to post a
somehow online and send the link but I
think this is this system is a pretty
it's pretty accurate I'm not sure about
the number so I know I soo min one more
time and see if I can show you what I
what I've done at the top as far as the
electrical input I'm assuming that each
water fuel cell might take up as many as
100 watts per unit and let me scroll
over here and so and if you and if we if
you be able to get a microwave hydrogen
skimmer that's probably taking up about
60 watts so if it's running a system a
10,000 watt generate an alternator it's
basically you're getting 10 times more
uh sorry hundred times more power that
your then you're putting into it now I
don't know if that's actually possible
or not I need to look at the numbers and
and somebody probably has to build such
a system but such a system i think
really is feasible to me and so
hopefully someone out there might make
something like this the now the the dish
the solar dish that I made it doesn't
really exist it there's a sort of a
conceptual design is similar to this on
the quasi turban site that you might
want to check out but none so far that
I've seen is really a hybrid system dish
like what I've made here for residential
use and and I plan to make this
component online and design it further
but really you don't with all the energy
that you're getting from a 10 kilowatt
generator I and from the water fuel cell
this device probably really isn't that
necessary so anyway thanks for looking
and I hope this sparked some interest
out there thanks